content/blog/2024-05-21_Hello-World.md, before:

+++
title = "Hello World"
[taxonomies]
tags = ['Misc']
+++

## What's dis??
### Is that a post???

Oh, my, god! Imagine all the potential!

Well, maybe I should then speak a little about myself, so… I am the kind of person who love to prepare for myself the coziest place for anything, that can be my operating system, desktop environment, a comfy Firefox profile, a development env… a website! But I also have a lot of difficulties to actually get to work, on anything.

So that's maybe a part of the reasons behind the fact that, there's a blog… *but there's nothing to showcase __(yet)__*.

 `¯ \ _ (ツ) _ / ¯`

But there's still a lot of stuff I would **love** to make, so that's why I'm learning programmation.

### What I'm learning?
As said on the [homepage](../..), `Rust`. I'm also learning a bit of `Javascript` since that's not unrelated to what I want to make in the future.

### What I like?
I love speedruns (watching, but also would love to do some), I love ugly pixelated games, I will probably throw some words about why Sonic Robo Blast 2, Sonic Robo Blast 2 Kart and Dr.Robotnik's Rings Racer are the best games ever created. 🦔

I'm also trying to cut my teeth on [Lexaloffle's Picotron](https://www.lexaloffle.com/picotron.php), this little thing is a lot of fun And if you've never heard about it, I strongly encourage you to check it out. 🐱

#### In the meantime, have a nice day and see you soon c:

Commit message:

Added dummy description for future purposes

content/blog/2024-05-21_Hello-World.md, after:

+++
title = "Hello World"
description = "You'll see the creation of new lives… Eventually."
[taxonomies]
tags = ['Misc']
+++

## What's dis??
### Is that a post???

Oh, my, god! Imagine all the potential!

Well, maybe I should then speak a little about myself, so… I am the kind of person who love to prepare for myself the coziest place for anything, that can be my operating system, desktop environment, a comfy Firefox profile, a development env… a website! But I also have a lot of difficulties to actually get to work, on anything.

So that's maybe a part of the reasons behind the fact that, there's a blog… *but there's nothing to showcase __(yet)__*.

 `¯ \ _ (ツ) _ / ¯`

But there's still a lot of stuff I would **love** to make, so that's why I'm learning programmation.

### What I'm learning?
As said on the [homepage](../..), `Rust`. I'm also learning a bit of `Javascript` since that's not unrelated to what I want to make in the future.

### What I like?
I love speedruns (watching, but also would love to do some), I love ugly pixelated games, I will probably throw some words about why Sonic Robo Blast 2, Sonic Robo Blast 2 Kart and Dr.Robotnik's Rings Racer are the best games ever created. 🦔

I'm also trying to cut my teeth on [Lexaloffle's Picotron](https://www.lexaloffle.com/picotron.php), this little thing is a lot of fun And if you've never heard about it, I strongly encourage you to check it out. 🐱

#### In the meantime, have a nice day and see you soon c:
